OSI(open system interconnection):
When two application/services try to communicate remotely from different host, 
they follow set of rules which is OSI model.
simply, OSI model is the basic network architecture for communication.
It is divided into 7 parts:
1. Physical Layer
2. Data Link Layer
3. Network Layer
4. Transmission Layer
5. Session Layer
6. Application Layer
7. Presentation Layer

1. Physical Layer:
    This deals with all the physical aspects of the network architecture.
    this include:
    i. Physical Hardwares: network card, wires, router, etc.
    ii. Encoding/Decoding: Digital data to Analog Signals and Analog signals to digital data.
    iii. Transmission/ Reception: It also deals with transmittion these Analog signals, as well as recieving them.
    iv. Network Topology:
        It means how the different servers/nodes are connected to each other which in itself forms the network,
        and thereby, communication happens.
        different types of network Topologies are:
        a. Bus Topology : 
            All servers/nodes are connected to a single channel.
            Disadvantages: 
            > very hard to detect errors.
            > very limited speed due to single main channel.
            Advantages:
            > broadcasting is easy.
        
        b. Star Topology:
            All servers/nodes are connected to a centralised hub.
            Advantages:
            > Easy for error detection.
            > most optimum speed.
            > easy communication between nodes.
            Disadvantages:
            > once the centralised hub crashes, the whole network shuts down.
        
        c. Mesh Topology:
            servers are connected to many other servers but not all of them.
            Advantages: 
            >broadcasting is easy.
            Disadvantages:
            > expensive.
            > error detection is hard.
        
        d. Ring/Circle Topology
            one server is connect to two other servers thus forming a circle/ring structure.
            Advantages:
            > Broadcasting is easy.
            > error detection is easy.
            Disadvantages:
            > once one server goes down all goes to hell.

2. Data Link Layer:
    This layer acts like a brain to the body that is the Network Layer.
    works in this layer includes:
    i. Framing:
        Physical layer only considers transmitting and recieving signals but it doesn't anything else.
        so, DLL is the one who divides the data packets into frames.

    ii. Sequence Numbering:
        it gives numbers/indices to these frames for reference.

    iii. Acknowledgement:
        It Acknowledges if a frame has been recieved or not.
        so, that no data is left behind without being sent/recieved.

    iv. Error detection:
        It detects if the recieved frames are complete or has any attenuation/damages in them.
        If the data cannot be recovered then it asks the source for that data again.

    v. Retransmission:
        If the destination asks for a frame again due to damage or some other problem due to
        which the reciever couldn't recieve any frame then it is also DLL's duty to retransmit them.

    vi. Flow Control

3. Network Layer:
    Deals with routing data packets from source to the destination.
    1. Routing : 
        whenever there is a transport of data from a source to destination. The data mostly, if not always,
        has to travel through nodes to reach the required destination and it is the duty to Network Layer to forward
        these packets towards right direction.

    2. Congestion:
        when a router is connected with a lot of nodes and all of them simultaneously try to transmit some data
        at the maximum speed possible then the data is exposed to some loss, if not all of it. It is the duty of
        Network layer to give time to each of these nodes as a shedule to transmit some of their data and goes to the other ones
        and comes back to that one again.

    3. InterNetworking:
        when networks are connected to each other to form a greater network and data can be shared.

4. Transport Layer:
    desls with:
    i. Multiplexing/Demultiplexing:
        can create multiple networks or can join multiple networks into one for the better transmission of data.

    ii. Fragmentation/Assembly:
        the data recieved from session layer is fragmented into packets and each packets are indexed.

    iii. Mode of Transmission:
        It also choose between reliable(TCP) and Unreliable(UDP) mode of transmission of data.

    iv. Flow Control:
        If a very fast source is connected to very slow destination then data loss occurs. 
        Transport Layer also has to manage this.
    
    v. Error detection:
        If reliable(TCP) mode of transmission has been chosen then it is also Transport Layers duty to  make sure that 
        the all the data has reached the destination without any damage/error. 

5. Session Layer
6. Application Layer
7. Presentation Layer